README.md, before:

# awesome-omarchy

```
   ▄▄▄
 ▄█████▄    ▄███████████▄    ▄███████   ▄███████   ▄███████   ▄█   █▄    ▄█   █▄
███   ███  ███   ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███
███   ███  ███   ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   █▀   ███   ███  ███   ███
███   ███  ███   ███   ███ ▄███▄▄▄███ ▄███▄▄▄██▀  ███       ▄███▄▄▄███▄ ███▄▄▄███
███   ███  ███   ███   ███ ▀███▀▀▀███ ▀███▀▀▀▀    ███      ▀▀███▀▀▀███  ▀▀▀▀▀▀███
███   ███  ███   ███   ███  ███   ███ ██████████  ███   █▄   ███   ███  ▄██   ███
███   ███  ███   ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███
 ▀█████▀    ▀█   ███   █▀   ███   █▀   ███   ███  ███████▀   ███   █▀    ▀█████▀
                                       ███   █▀
```
A curated collection of high-quality themes for [Omarchy](https://github.com/basecamp/omarchy), complete with previews and direct links. All themes are **open source** and can be installed using Omarchy's secure tools.

---

## Contents
- [Default Omarchy Themes](#default-omarchy-themes)
- [Extra Omarchy Themes](#extra-omarchy-themes)
- [Security and Contribution Notes](#security-and-contribution-notes)

---

## Default Omarchy Themes

Omarchy ships with **nine beautiful, secure, and customizable themes** that style your desktop environment, terminal, Neovim, btop, notifications (mako), top bar (Waybar), application launcher (Walker), and lock screen (Hyprlock).

> **Switch themes quickly:**  
> ```
> Super + Ctrl + Shift + Space
> ```
> **Rotate background images (for some themes):**  
> ```
> Super + Ctrl + Space
> ```

---

### Tokyo Night

![Tokyo Night](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/tokyo-night-yN9jzd.png)

---

### Catppuccin

![Catppuccin](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/catppuccin-DEGjke.png)

---

### Everforest

![Everforest](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/everforest-VTw7rC.png)

---

### Gruvbox

![Gruvbox](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/gruvbox-zTUJ1I.png)

---

### Kanagawa

![Kanagawa](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/kanagawa-qNhehU.png)

---

### Nord

![Nord](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/nord-Rd2Y6y.png)

---

### Matte Black

![Matte Black](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/2025-07-15-193947_hyprshot-b4lj4R.png)

---

### Ristretto

![Ristretto](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/ristretto-theme-c99Sux.png)

---

### Rose Pine

![Rose Pine](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/omarchy-rose-pine-MUH6hH.png)

---

### Catppuccin Latte

![Catppuccin Latte](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/catppuccin-latte-theme-1-jrWCjt.png)

---

## Extra Omarchy Themes

These are community-contributed themes you can add for even more choices.

---
## How to Install Themes

To install any theme, run in your terminal:

> **Install:**  
> Run in your terminal:
> ```
> omarchy-theme-install [theme-github-url]
> ```
> Or, use the Omarchy TUI: `Themes > Install`.

---

### [Ash](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-ash-theme)

[![Ash Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/ash-theme-DnGpEy.png)](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-ash-theme)
To install Ash theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-ash-theme
```
---

### [Aura](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-aura-theme)

[![Aura Preview](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-aura-theme/blob/main/theme.png)](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-aura-theme)
To install Aura theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-aura-theme
```
---
### [Midnight](https://github.com/JaxonWright/omarchy-midnight-theme)

[![Midnight Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/midnight-theme-I5HKym.png)](https://github.com/JaxonWright/omarchy-midnight-theme)
To install Midnight theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/JaxonWright/omarchy-midnight-theme
```
---

### [RetroPC](https://github.com/rondilley/omarchy-retropc-theme)

[![RetroPC Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/retropc-theme-a24vKN.png)](https://github.com/rondilley/omarchy-retropc-theme)
To install RetroPC theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/rondilley/omarchy-retropc-theme
```
---

### [Rose Pine Dark](https://github.com/guilhermetk/omarchy-rose-pine-dark)

[![Rose Pine Dark Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/rose-pine-dark-pIMUcV.webp)](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/rose-pine-dark-pIMUcV.webp)
To install Rose Pine Dark theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/guilhermetk/omarchy-rose-pine-dark
```
---

### [Futurism](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-futurism-theme)

[![Futurism Preview](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-futurism-theme/blob/main/theme.png)](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-futurism-theme)
To install Futurism theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-futurism-theme
```
---

### [NES](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-nes-theme)

[![NES Preview](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-nes-theme/raw/main/theme.png)](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-nes-theme)
To install NES theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-nes-theme
```
---

### [Monochrome](https://github.com/Swarnim114/omarchy-monochrome-theme)

[![Monochrome Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/monochrome-theme-GwATD6.png)](https://github.com/Swarnim114/omarchy-monochrome-theme)
To install Monochrome theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/Swarnim114/omarchy-monochrome-theme
```
---

### [Snow](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-snow-theme)

[![Snow Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/snow-theme-MDtvlu.png)](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-snow-theme)
To install Snow theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-snow-theme
```
---

### [Dracula](https://github.com/catlee/omarchy-dracula-theme)

[![Dracula Preview](https://github.com/catlee/omarchy-dracula-theme/raw/main/theme.png)](https://github.com/catlee/omarchy-dracula-theme)
To install Dracula theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/catlee/omarchy-dracula-theme
```
---

### [Solarized](https://github.com/Gazler/omarchy-solarized-theme)

[![Solarized Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/solarized-theme-9OhQ7Y.png)](https://github.com/Gazler/omarchy-solarized-theme)
To install Solarized theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/Gazler/omarchy-solarized-theme
```
---

### [Solarized Light](https://github.com/dfrico/omarchy-solarized-light-theme)

[![Solarized Light Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/solarized-light2-OTGWbc.png)](https://github.com/dfrico/omarchy-solarized-light-theme)
To install Solarized Light theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/dfrico/omarchy-solarized-light-theme
```
---

### [Everblush](https://github.com/Swarnim114/omarchy-everblush-theme)

[![Everblush Preview](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1399365674832232448/1403659005900881940/image.png?ex=68990391&is=6897b211&hm=ccdbb79fcfd66d6845f89aa76998f612d1e0b05d2c357a085de375c709652043&)](https://github.com/Swarnim114/omarchy-everblush-theme)
To install Everblush theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/dfrico/omarchy-solarized-light-theme
```
---

### [All Hollows Eve](https://github.com/guilhermetk/omarchy-all-hallows-eve-theme)

[![All Hollows Eve Preview](https://github.com/guilhermetk/omarchy-all-hallows-eve-theme/blob/master/assets/tools-1.webp)](https://github.com/guilhermetk/omarchy-all-hallows-eve-theme)
To install All Hollows Eve theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/guilhermetk/omarchy-all-hallows-eve-theme
```
---

### [Kimiko](https://github.com/krymzonn/omarchy-kimiko-theme)

[![Kimiko Preview](https://github.com/krymzonn/omarchy-kimiko-theme/raw/master/extra-assets/omarchy-kimiko-2025-08-04brecomp8.jpg)](https://github.com/krymzonn/omarchy-kimiko-theme)
To install Kimiko theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/krymzonn/omarchy-kimiko-theme
```
---

### [Flexoki Light](https://github.com/euandeas/omarchy-flexoki-light-theme)

[![Flexoki Light Preview](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/d457c1c1e12c3271d522e963cab79c509ae5cff4bb90aa8988d3ab85217e9f5f/68747470733a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6d626f30476f532e706e67)](https://github.com/euandeas/omarchy-flexoki-light-theme)
To install Flexoki Light theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/euandeas/omarchy-flexoki-light-theme
```
---

### [Flexoki Dark](https://github.com/euandeas/omarchy-flexoki-dark-theme)

[![Flexoki Dark Preview](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/5db29929ba4ba3c670dc641baff914e4b3ad1a00dd04a8337f29cf4bc0eb0b6b/68747470733a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f773463463262352e706e67)](https://github.com/euandeas/omarchy-flexoki-dark-theme)
To install Flexoki Dark theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/euandeas/omarchy-flexoki-dark-theme
```
---

### [Osaka Jade](https://github.com/Justikun/omarchy-osaka-jade-theme)

[![Osaka Jade Preview](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/9218ac6b949095c9322fd72ce5c08d697bb463be04666d03e8bc32f0f61fae5d/68747470733a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f756177507766562e6a706567)](https://github.com/Justikun/omarchy-osaka-jade-theme)
To install Osaka Jade theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/Justikun/omarchy-osaka-jade-theme
```
---


### [Solarized Osaka](https://github.com/motorsss/omarchy-solarizedosaka-theme)

[![Solarized Osaka Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/motorsss/omarchy-solarizedosaka-theme/main/images/preview.png)](https://github.com/motorsss/omarchy-solarizedosaka-theme)
To install Solarized Osaka theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/motorsss/omarchy-solarizedosaka-theme
```
---

### [Synthwave '84](https://github.com/omacom-io/omarchy-synthwave84-theme/)

[![Synthwave '84 Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/synthwave-theme-7yHWFA.png)](https://github.com/omacom-io/omarchy-synthwave84-theme/)
To install Synthwave '84 theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/omacom-io/omarchy-synthwave84-theme
```
---

### [Hakker Green](https://github.com/joaquinmeza/omarchy-hakker-green-theme)

[![Hakker Green Preview](https://github.com/joaquinmeza/omarchy-hakker-green-theme/blob/master/backgrounds/hg-01.jpeg?raw=true)](https://github.com/joaquinmeza/omarchy-hakker-green-theme)
To install Hakker Green theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/joaquinmeza/omarchy-hakker-green-theme
```
---

### [Milkmatcha Light](https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-milkmatcha-light-theme)

[![Milkmatcha Light Preview](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1399365674832232448/1404287213906296903/image.png?ex=689aa3e2&is=68995262&hm=aaa1c334c4d9c380512dfcd175a1faa37c78df75248d79545341bca4d15df25e&)](https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-milkmatcha-light-theme)
To install Milkmatcha Light theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-milkmatcha-light-theme
```
---

### [Blueridge Dark](https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-blueridge-dark-theme)

[![Blueridge Dark Preview](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1399365674832232448/1404294488184324127/476413457-bb7ad98b-eef5-48ff-8029-e385ab67d8fa.png?ex=689aaaa8&is=68995928&hm=e64527897839a02354973702236aa42eb411988b1ca5ea2ffaff037cc882dd5e&)](https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-blueridge-dark-theme)
To install Blueridge Dark theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-blueridge-dark-theme
```
---

### [Waveform Dark](https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-waveform-dark-theme)

[![Waveform Dark Preview](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1399365674832232448/1403971270218879016/image.png?ex=689acf23&is=68997da3&hm=8aef3608ea399892d098ba09a2e76aecb5e4a8825547bbbed186877a0be0c679&)](https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-waveform-dark-theme)
To install Waveform Dark theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-waveform-dark-theme
```
---

### [Space Monkey](https://github.com/TyRichards/omarchy-space-monkey-theme)

[![Space Monkey Preview](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1399365674832232448/1404695442473615481/screenshot-2025-08-12_00-12-53.png?ex=689c2013&is=689ace93&hm=f926e90aa2d9ea56a92a2f38c60add536841f2aaa6554fff198acc4593be12a6&)](https://github.com/TyRichards/omarchy-space-monkey-theme)
To install Space Monkey theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/TyRichards/omarchy-space-monkey-theme
```
---

### [Mars](https://github.com/steve-lohmeyer/omarchy-mars-theme)

[![Mars Preview](https://github.com/steve-lohmeyer/omarchy-mars-theme/raw/master/theme.png)](https://github.com/steve-lohmeyer/omarchy-mars-theme)
To install Mars theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/steve-lohmeyer/omarchy-mars-theme
```
---

### [Pretty Cvnt](https://github.com/WalkerMillgress/omarchy-pretty-cvnt-theme)

[![Pretty Cvnt Preview](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/15c00f460a9b4c70fb807286fb29ec1f1aee9626b5799ffa440acc27c1453959/68747470733a2f2f70787363646e2e636f6d2f7075626c69632f6d2f5f76322f3835393630313435323133323134313732322f3333636339623934392d3333393739312f63634a5a584c4b44714541612f4a4a5a746b70334a776c545335376e456a6a43734e48463157556a6e547257356c4e3871685643332e706e67)](https://github.com/WalkerMillgress/omarchy-pretty-cvnt-theme)
To install Pretty Cvnt theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/WalkerMillgress/omarchy-pretty-cvnt-theme
```
---

### [Wasteland](https://github.com/perfektnacht/omarchy-wasteland-theme)

[![Wasteland Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/perfektnacht/omarchy-wasteland-theme/main/assets/Desktop.png)](https://github.com/perfektnacht/omarchy-wasteland-theme)
To install Wasteland theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/perfektnacht/omarchy-wasteland-theme
```
---

### [Azure Glow](https://github.com/Hydradevx/omarchy-azure-glow-theme)

[![Azure Glow Preview](https://github.com/Hydradevx/omarchy-azure-glow-theme/blob/main/backgrounds/wallhaven-j5m21w.jpg?raw=true)](https://github.com/Hydradevx/omarchy-azure-glow-theme)
To install Azure Glow theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/Hydradevx/omarchy-azure-glow-theme
```
---


## Security and Contribution Notes

- All theme repositories and images here are directly from trusted sources over HTTPS.
- Always read a theme’s README before installation.
- To contribute, submit a PR with a preview image and the GitHub repo link.

---

Enjoy exploring and safely installing new looks for your Omarchy setup!

[↑ Back to Contents](#contents)

Commit message:

adds: Gold Rush theme by tahayvr

README.md, after:

# awesome-omarchy

```
   ▄▄▄
 ▄█████▄    ▄███████████▄    ▄███████   ▄███████   ▄███████   ▄█   █▄    ▄█   █▄
███   ███  ███   ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███
███   ███  ███   ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   █▀   ███   ███  ███   ███
███   ███  ███   ███   ███ ▄███▄▄▄███ ▄███▄▄▄██▀  ███       ▄███▄▄▄███▄ ███▄▄▄███
███   ███  ███   ███   ███ ▀███▀▀▀███ ▀███▀▀▀▀    ███      ▀▀███▀▀▀███  ▀▀▀▀▀▀███
███   ███  ███   ███   ███  ███   ███ ██████████  ███   █▄   ███   ███  ▄██   ███
███   ███  ███   ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███  ███   ███
 ▀█████▀    ▀█   ███   █▀   ███   █▀   ███   ███  ███████▀   ███   █▀    ▀█████▀
                                       ███   █▀
```
A curated collection of high-quality themes for [Omarchy](https://github.com/basecamp/omarchy), complete with previews and direct links. All themes are **open source** and can be installed using Omarchy's secure tools.

---

## Contents
- [Default Omarchy Themes](#default-omarchy-themes)
- [Extra Omarchy Themes](#extra-omarchy-themes)
- [Security and Contribution Notes](#security-and-contribution-notes)

---

## Default Omarchy Themes

Omarchy ships with **nine beautiful, secure, and customizable themes** that style your desktop environment, terminal, Neovim, btop, notifications (mako), top bar (Waybar), application launcher (Walker), and lock screen (Hyprlock).

> **Switch themes quickly:**  
> ```
> Super + Ctrl + Shift + Space
> ```
> **Rotate background images (for some themes):**  
> ```
> Super + Ctrl + Space
> ```

---

### Tokyo Night

![Tokyo Night](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/tokyo-night-yN9jzd.png)

---

### Catppuccin

![Catppuccin](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/catppuccin-DEGjke.png)

---

### Everforest

![Everforest](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/everforest-VTw7rC.png)

---

### Gruvbox

![Gruvbox](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/gruvbox-zTUJ1I.png)

---

### Kanagawa

![Kanagawa](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/kanagawa-qNhehU.png)

---

### Nord

![Nord](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/nord-Rd2Y6y.png)

---

### Matte Black

![Matte Black](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/2025-07-15-193947_hyprshot-b4lj4R.png)

---

### Ristretto

![Ristretto](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/ristretto-theme-c99Sux.png)

---

### Rose Pine

![Rose Pine](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/omarchy-rose-pine-MUH6hH.png)

---

### Catppuccin Latte

![Catppuccin Latte](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/catppuccin-latte-theme-1-jrWCjt.png)

---

## Extra Omarchy Themes

These are community-contributed themes you can add for even more choices.

---
## How to Install Themes

To install any theme, run in your terminal:

> **Install:**  
> Run in your terminal:
> ```
> omarchy-theme-install [theme-github-url]
> ```
> Or, use the Omarchy TUI: `Themes > Install`.

---

### [Ash](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-ash-theme)

[![Ash Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/ash-theme-DnGpEy.png)](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-ash-theme)
To install Ash theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-ash-theme
```
---

### [Aura](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-aura-theme)

[![Aura Preview](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-aura-theme/blob/main/theme.png)](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-aura-theme)
To install Aura theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-aura-theme
```
---
### [Midnight](https://github.com/JaxonWright/omarchy-midnight-theme)

[![Midnight Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/midnight-theme-I5HKym.png)](https://github.com/JaxonWright/omarchy-midnight-theme)
To install Midnight theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/JaxonWright/omarchy-midnight-theme
```
---

### [RetroPC](https://github.com/rondilley/omarchy-retropc-theme)

[![RetroPC Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/retropc-theme-a24vKN.png)](https://github.com/rondilley/omarchy-retropc-theme)
To install RetroPC theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/rondilley/omarchy-retropc-theme
```
---

### [Rose Pine Dark](https://github.com/guilhermetk/omarchy-rose-pine-dark)

[![Rose Pine Dark Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/rose-pine-dark-pIMUcV.webp)](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/rose-pine-dark-pIMUcV.webp)
To install Rose Pine Dark theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/guilhermetk/omarchy-rose-pine-dark
```
---

### [Futurism](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-futurism-theme)

[![Futurism Preview](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-futurism-theme/blob/main/theme.png)](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-futurism-theme)
To install Futurism theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-futurism-theme
```
---

### [NES](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-nes-theme)

[![NES Preview](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-nes-theme/raw/main/theme.png)](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-nes-theme)
To install NES theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-nes-theme
```
---

### [Monochrome](https://github.com/Swarnim114/omarchy-monochrome-theme)

[![Monochrome Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/monochrome-theme-GwATD6.png)](https://github.com/Swarnim114/omarchy-monochrome-theme)
To install Monochrome theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/Swarnim114/omarchy-monochrome-theme
```
---

### [Snow](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-snow-theme)

[![Snow Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/snow-theme-MDtvlu.png)](https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-snow-theme)
To install Snow theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-snow-theme
```
---

### [Dracula](https://github.com/catlee/omarchy-dracula-theme)

[![Dracula Preview](https://github.com/catlee/omarchy-dracula-theme/raw/main/theme.png)](https://github.com/catlee/omarchy-dracula-theme)
To install Dracula theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/catlee/omarchy-dracula-theme
```
---

### [Solarized](https://github.com/Gazler/omarchy-solarized-theme)

[![Solarized Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/solarized-theme-9OhQ7Y.png)](https://github.com/Gazler/omarchy-solarized-theme)
To install Solarized theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/Gazler/omarchy-solarized-theme
```
---

### [Solarized Light](https://github.com/dfrico/omarchy-solarized-light-theme)

[![Solarized Light Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/solarized-light2-OTGWbc.png)](https://github.com/dfrico/omarchy-solarized-light-theme)
To install Solarized Light theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/dfrico/omarchy-solarized-light-theme
```
---

### [Everblush](https://github.com/Swarnim114/omarchy-everblush-theme)

[![Everblush Preview](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1399365674832232448/1403659005900881940/image.png?ex=68990391&is=6897b211&hm=ccdbb79fcfd66d6845f89aa76998f612d1e0b05d2c357a085de375c709652043&)](https://github.com/Swarnim114/omarchy-everblush-theme)
To install Everblush theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/dfrico/omarchy-solarized-light-theme
```
---

### [All Hollows Eve](https://github.com/guilhermetk/omarchy-all-hallows-eve-theme)

[![All Hollows Eve Preview](https://github.com/guilhermetk/omarchy-all-hallows-eve-theme/blob/master/assets/tools-1.webp)](https://github.com/guilhermetk/omarchy-all-hallows-eve-theme)
To install All Hollows Eve theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/guilhermetk/omarchy-all-hallows-eve-theme
```
---

### [Kimiko](https://github.com/krymzonn/omarchy-kimiko-theme)

[![Kimiko Preview](https://github.com/krymzonn/omarchy-kimiko-theme/raw/master/extra-assets/omarchy-kimiko-2025-08-04brecomp8.jpg)](https://github.com/krymzonn/omarchy-kimiko-theme)
To install Kimiko theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/krymzonn/omarchy-kimiko-theme
```
---

### [Flexoki Light](https://github.com/euandeas/omarchy-flexoki-light-theme)

[![Flexoki Light Preview](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/d457c1c1e12c3271d522e963cab79c509ae5cff4bb90aa8988d3ab85217e9f5f/68747470733a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6d626f30476f532e706e67)](https://github.com/euandeas/omarchy-flexoki-light-theme)
To install Flexoki Light theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/euandeas/omarchy-flexoki-light-theme
```
---

### [Flexoki Dark](https://github.com/euandeas/omarchy-flexoki-dark-theme)

[![Flexoki Dark Preview](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/5db29929ba4ba3c670dc641baff914e4b3ad1a00dd04a8337f29cf4bc0eb0b6b/68747470733a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f773463463262352e706e67)](https://github.com/euandeas/omarchy-flexoki-dark-theme)
To install Flexoki Dark theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/euandeas/omarchy-flexoki-dark-theme
```
---

### [Osaka Jade](https://github.com/Justikun/omarchy-osaka-jade-theme)

[![Osaka Jade Preview](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/9218ac6b949095c9322fd72ce5c08d697bb463be04666d03e8bc32f0f61fae5d/68747470733a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f756177507766562e6a706567)](https://github.com/Justikun/omarchy-osaka-jade-theme)
To install Osaka Jade theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/Justikun/omarchy-osaka-jade-theme
```
---


### [Solarized Osaka](https://github.com/motorsss/omarchy-solarizedosaka-theme)

[![Solarized Osaka Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/motorsss/omarchy-solarizedosaka-theme/main/images/preview.png)](https://github.com/motorsss/omarchy-solarizedosaka-theme)
To install Solarized Osaka theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/motorsss/omarchy-solarizedosaka-theme
```
---

### [Synthwave '84](https://github.com/omacom-io/omarchy-synthwave84-theme/)

[![Synthwave '84 Preview](https://manuals.omamix.org/u/synthwave-theme-7yHWFA.png)](https://github.com/omacom-io/omarchy-synthwave84-theme/)
To install Synthwave '84 theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/omacom-io/omarchy-synthwave84-theme
```
---

### [Hakker Green](https://github.com/joaquinmeza/omarchy-hakker-green-theme)

[![Hakker Green Preview](https://github.com/joaquinmeza/omarchy-hakker-green-theme/blob/master/backgrounds/hg-01.jpeg?raw=true)](https://github.com/joaquinmeza/omarchy-hakker-green-theme)
To install Hakker Green theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/joaquinmeza/omarchy-hakker-green-theme
```
---

### [Milkmatcha Light](https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-milkmatcha-light-theme)

[![Milkmatcha Light Preview](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1399365674832232448/1404287213906296903/image.png?ex=689aa3e2&is=68995262&hm=aaa1c334c4d9c380512dfcd175a1faa37c78df75248d79545341bca4d15df25e&)](https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-milkmatcha-light-theme)
To install Milkmatcha Light theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-milkmatcha-light-theme
```
---

### [Blueridge Dark](https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-blueridge-dark-theme)

[![Blueridge Dark Preview](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1399365674832232448/1404294488184324127/476413457-bb7ad98b-eef5-48ff-8029-e385ab67d8fa.png?ex=689aaaa8&is=68995928&hm=e64527897839a02354973702236aa42eb411988b1ca5ea2ffaff037cc882dd5e&)](https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-blueridge-dark-theme)
To install Blueridge Dark theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-blueridge-dark-theme
```
---

### [Waveform Dark](https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-waveform-dark-theme)

[![Waveform Dark Preview](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1399365674832232448/1403971270218879016/image.png?ex=689acf23&is=68997da3&hm=8aef3608ea399892d098ba09a2e76aecb5e4a8825547bbbed186877a0be0c679&)](https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-waveform-dark-theme)
To install Waveform Dark theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/hipsterusername/omarchy-waveform-dark-theme
```
---

### [Space Monkey](https://github.com/TyRichards/omarchy-space-monkey-theme)

[![Space Monkey Preview](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1399365674832232448/1404695442473615481/screenshot-2025-08-12_00-12-53.png?ex=689c2013&is=689ace93&hm=f926e90aa2d9ea56a92a2f38c60add536841f2aaa6554fff198acc4593be12a6&)](https://github.com/TyRichards/omarchy-space-monkey-theme)
To install Space Monkey theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/TyRichards/omarchy-space-monkey-theme
```
---

### [Mars](https://github.com/steve-lohmeyer/omarchy-mars-theme)

[![Mars Preview](https://github.com/steve-lohmeyer/omarchy-mars-theme/raw/master/theme.png)](https://github.com/steve-lohmeyer/omarchy-mars-theme)
To install Mars theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/steve-lohmeyer/omarchy-mars-theme
```
---

### [Pretty Cvnt](https://github.com/WalkerMillgress/omarchy-pretty-cvnt-theme)

[![Pretty Cvnt Preview](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/15c00f460a9b4c70fb807286fb29ec1f1aee9626b5799ffa440acc27c1453959/68747470733a2f2f70787363646e2e636f6d2f7075626c69632f6d2f5f76322f3835393630313435323133323134313732322f3333636339623934392d3333393739312f63634a5a584c4b44714541612f4a4a5a746b70334a776c545335376e456a6a43734e48463157556a6e547257356c4e3871685643332e706e67)](https://github.com/WalkerMillgress/omarchy-pretty-cvnt-theme)
To install Pretty Cvnt theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/WalkerMillgress/omarchy-pretty-cvnt-theme
```
---

### [Wasteland](https://github.com/perfektnacht/omarchy-wasteland-theme)

[![Wasteland Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/perfektnacht/omarchy-wasteland-theme/main/assets/Desktop.png)](https://github.com/perfektnacht/omarchy-wasteland-theme)
To install Wasteland theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/perfektnacht/omarchy-wasteland-theme
```
---

### [Azure Glow](https://github.com/Hydradevx/omarchy-azure-glow-theme)

[![Azure Glow Preview](https://github.com/Hydradevx/omarchy-azure-glow-theme/blob/main/backgrounds/wallhaven-j5m21w.jpg?raw=true)](https://github.com/Hydradevx/omarchy-azure-glow-theme)
To install Azure Glow theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/Hydradevx/omarchy-azure-glow-theme
```
---

### [Gold Rush](https://github.com/tahayvr/omarchy-gold-rush-theme)

[![Gold Rush Preview](https://github.com/tahayvr/omarchy-gold-rush-theme/raw/main/preview.png)](https://github.com/tahayvr/omarchy-gold-rush-theme)
To install Gold Rush theme, run the following command on Omarchy:
```
omarchy-theme-install https://github.com/tahayvr/omarchy-gold-rush-theme
```
---


## Security and Contribution Notes

- All theme repositories and images here are directly from trusted sources over HTTPS.
- Always read a theme’s README before installation.
- To contribute, submit a PR with a preview image and the GitHub repo link.

---

Enjoy exploring and safely installing new looks for your Omarchy setup!

[↑ Back to Contents](#contents)
